Add import from Alibaba Cloud Object Storage Service (#20726)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/import-csv-files-serverless.md

</div>

<div label="Alibaba Cloud Object Storage Service (OSS)">

1. Open the **Import** page for your target cluster.

>     1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://console.tidb.io/) and navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://console.tidb.io/clusters) page of your project.

Reviewer: tidbcloud.com

>     1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://console.tidb.io/) and navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://console.tidb.io/clusters) page of your project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/) and navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page of your project.
```
